(Men shouting)
(Gunfire, explosions)
(Whinnies)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Crane!
(Horse whinnies)
(Men shouting)
MAN: (Whispering)
We don't have much time.
WOMAN: (Crying)
Ichabod, no.
No, no, no,
stay with me, please.
(Water dripping)
(Glass clanking)
(Rattling)
(Gasps)
(Gasps for breath)
(Hisses)
(Croaking)
(Pants)
(Grunts)
(Crunches, rumbles)
(Gasps)
(Grunts)
(Horn blares)
(Horn honking)
(Panting)
(Bird shrieks, wings fluttering)
(Car door opens)
(The Rolling Stones'
"Sympathy for the Devil" begins)
♪ Please allow me
to introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm a man of wealth
and taste ♪
♪ I've been around
for a long, long year ♪
♪ Stole many a man's
soul and faith ♪
♪ I was around ♪
(On radio):
♪ When Jesus Christ ♪
♪ Had his moment
of doubt and pain ♪
♪ Made damn sure that Pilate ♪
♪ Washed his hands ♪
♪ And sealed his fate... ♪
What's wrong with your face?
My face is expressive.
Age is the price of wisdom.
Oh, what you got this time?
Unsolved homicide
in Dobbs Ferry.
Might be able to help the I.O.
run a few leads.
But you don't need
to worry about that
now that you're leaving and all.
You know, some people,
when they read the paper,
they relax.
They're off the clock.
My clock has its own schedule.
And you are a fry thief.
WAITRESS:
A little warm-up, sheriff?
Oh, thanks so much.
You doing okay, Abbie?
I'm real good, Maddie,
thank you.
Don't you find it odd,
all the unsolved cases
around here?
I mean, you, of all people...
Stop.
I know what you're doing.
You are drinking
too much coffee.
You've been strange
enough as it is.
I'm just saying, aren't you
gonna miss all the excitement?
Quantico takes
240 people a year.
It is the FBI's
only feeder program.
I'm not asking
if you're qualified.
I'm asking if
you're running away.
Hey, your pie's soup, old man.
Time's up.
It's on me.
Father.
Sheriff.
DISPATCHER: (Over radio)
Charlie 101 to Com.
Go ahead, Charlie 101.
I got a call from
the Fox Creek Stables.
Horses are spooked by something.
Probably coyotes again.
All right.
(Laughing):
We will be right over.
And this is why
I got into police work.
But you're gonna miss this.
(Laughing)
I tell you.
(Thunder rumbles)
(Horses neighing)
(Sighs)
You go on up to the house.
See if you can find Jimmy.
Be careful.
Yeah.
(Thunder rumbles)
(Horse neighs)
Mr. Oglevie?
It's Lieutenant Mills.
(Neighing, thumping)
(Thunder crashes)
(Creaks)
(Horse whinnies)
Ooh. Shh, shh, shh,
easy there. Easy.
Easy, easy.
Easy. Easy.
We got a weapon on the ground.
Say again, Abbie?
You're breaking up.
Something is wrong.
We have a weapon
on the ground.
(Metal clinking in distance)
Stand by.
(Thunder rumbles)
Oh, my...
Corbin, I found Oglevie.
Someone cut off his head.
This is the sheriff.
Step out where I can see you.
My God.
(Gunshots)
(Screams)
Oh!
(Horse neighing)
(Neighs)
Corbin.
(Grunts)
Officer down!
Oh, my God.
Fox Creek Stables!
(Sobs)
Repeat, Fox Creek Stables,
officer down!
(Siren wailing,
tires screeching)
(Car horn honks)
Turn around!
Put your hands on your head!
I said turn around,
put your hands on your head!
On your knees!
(Handcuffs clicking)
It isn't him.
You sure?
I know this isn't easy,
Abbie, but please...
take a closer look.
ABBIE:
Andy, I'm sure.
The man I saw was
wearing some kind of
old military uniform,
like, uh...
red coat.
He had something on his hand.
I don't know, like a branding.
Did he carry a broadax?
What?
The mark on his hand...
was it a bow?
How do you know that?
Oh, no, no.
No, no, it can't be.
Hey.
Who is he? When's the last time
you saw him?
When I cut off his head.
Who are you?
CRANE:
Are you an elected Magistrate?
Is this an admiralty court?
What are you doing?
This is a polygraph machine.
I ask you questions,
it knows if you're lying
or telling the truth.
The machine knows?
What the hell kind
of a place is this?
By what right are you holding me
against my will?
And what on earth is that?
OFFICER: You're being held
as a murder suspect
in the death
of sheriff August Corbin.
I had nothing to do
with that man's death.
- Weren't you listening?
- Sir...
I can't force you to take
this test, but if you pass,
you have a better chance
of walking out of here.
- Proceed.
- Thank you.
Tell me your name
and where you're from.
My name is Ichabod Crane.
I was a Professor of History
at Merton College,
Oxford, when I was enlisted
in the Queen's Royal Regiment
and sent to the American
colonies to fight the patriots.
It didn't take long for me
to have a change of heart,
and I defected.
You're saying you're a spy.
I'm saying the rule of tyranny
betrayed the weight
of my conscience
and I couldn't allow myself
to give my life
for anything less.
So, yes...
I became a spy
under the command
of General Washington.
General George Washington?
Do you know him?
OFFICER:
Tell me about the... "Horseman."
Would you admit to cutting
off his head... Yes or no?
No.
First I shot him.
But he rose back up.
Beheading him seemed
the next logical step.
Then what happened?
I was taken to triage.
(Explosion nearby)
(Horse neighs)
(Men grunting and groaning)
No, no, no, no.
No.
CRANE:
Katrina was there.
Katrina?
My wife.
She's a civilian nurse
in the 37th Regiment.
I was dying.
Ichabod, stay with me.
Stay with me.
I must have lost consciousness.
Next thing I knew,
I woke up in a cave.
So you have no memory
of what happened
between now and then,
no rational explanation
as to why you believe there's
a headless horseman
running around Sleepy Hollow.
How did you end up here?
CRANE: I could tell you if I
knew where the hell "here" is.
Now, I have questions,
several thousand questions,
but I'll spare you
the indignity of strapping you
to a damn chair.
Now, where am I?!
The question isn't where...
but when.
The good news is
you won the war.
The bad news is...
It was 250 years ago.
Welcome to the 21st century,
Mr. Crane.
OFFICER:
Not one spike.
He might be setting the table
for an insanity defense.
MAN:
Take him to St. Gregory's.
- I want a 72-hour psych eval.
- Okay.
I'll take that now.
OFFICER: We're transporting
to St. Gregory's, two vehicles.
(Door opens)
Sir?
Captain?
I'm Lieutenant Abbie Mills.
I was sheriff Corbin's partner.
Yes, of course.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
Thank you, sir,
but if I could ask...
before you send him
to the psych unit,
may I have a chance
to interrogate him myself?
- Absolutely not.
- He described
the appearance of the man
that I saw in perfect detail.
He described a man with no head.
Would you like to corroborate
that, Lieutenant?
No, sir.
But in putting the pieces
of what I remember
back together,
a detail sticks out.
And what is that?
There was very little blood
in August's neck wound.
I checked with the coroner's
office, and they confirmed
that the wound was cauterized,
which means that the blade
was heated to 500 degrees.
Why would that be?
Arson didn't find
a single trace
of fire near the area.
Mr. Crane obviously
saw something
that may help us understand
what we're missing.
Or he could be the killer.
We both know polygraphs
are trickable.
- Sir, I understand...
- Lieutenant Mills, I'm sorry,
but the answer is no.
Go home, get some sleep.
May I at least be the
one to transport him?
My questions will be limited
to the 20 minutes it
takes to get there.
Maybe it'll help me
get some closure.
Please?
(Door opens)
ABBIE:
Mr. Crane?
I'm Lieutenant Abbie Mills.
(Laughs)
A female Lieutenant?
(Chuckles)
In whose army?
You're not gonna
break character, huh?
You've... been emancipated,
I take it?
Excuse me?
From enslavement.
Okay, I'll play along here.
I am a black female lieutenant
for the Westchester County
Police Department.
Do you see this gun?
I'm authorized to use it.
On you.
If you're insinuating
I endorse slavery,
I'm offended.
Wait, back up. You're offended?
I'll have you know
I was a proponent
of the Abolitionist Act
before the New York Assembly.
Congratulations.
Slavery has been
abolished 150 years.
It's a whole new day in America.
Oh.
Well, I'm pleased to hear it.
I, on the other hand,
remain shackled here.
How do I remove
these damn manacles?
You don't.
I do.
(Cell door opens)
You want my help.
Which suggests
you have no options.
I'm not gonna say
that I believe you.
But I am the closest thing to it
that you're gonna come across.
Well, I can't say
I believe you, either,
Ms. Mills.
I haven't told you anything.
No, you've told me everything.
Everything you aren't
telling your colleagues.
And what exactly would that be?
That the killer you saw
was a headless horseman.
It can't be mere coincidence
that he and I arrive in this place
at exactly the same time.
That isn't possible.
Oh, really? Oh, well,
that's wonderful news.
Thank you for
the clarification.
Here I thought I'd actually
awoken in the future.
And that my wife
had been dead for 250 years.
I'm glad that everything
I'm seeing and hearing
and touching is impossible.
Because that means
it isn't actually happening.
I have orders to take you
to a mental institution.
Excellent.
This day continues
to bear gifts.
Will we be sharing
a cell, Lieutenant?
Get in the damn car
or I will shoot you.
Right.
(Window squeaking)
(Lock clicks)
It's very annoying.
That building used to be
a livery stables.
Yeah?
Well, now it's a Starbucks.
Where they make coffee.
That building
is also a Starbucks.
Yep.
How many are there?
Per block?
Is there a law?
250 years, huh?
The Civil War didn't wake you?
Noisy neighbors to the South?
Did you get up to pee?
I don't know about you,
but I'm getting up to pee
every 75, 80 years...
Have you quite finished?
Because most of what you say
is unintelligible gibberish
to me.
It's like watching
a chicken cluck.
And when did it
become acceptable
for ladies to wear trousers?
All right.
You said you woke up in a cave.
I want you to show me.
You're violating orders.
Convenient part for me is,
if you tell anyone,
no one will believe you.
We don't have much time.
It's like a gun.
Point, shoot.
Entering from north.
There...
appear to be carvings
on the walls, a...
pit filled with clay.
Surrounding the pit...
approximately 20 feet
from the entrance,
there are what appear
to be jars filled with liquids.
Six of them shattered.
MAN:
We don't have much time.
By God.
What is it?
A Bible.
It was buried here with me.
With this passage marked.
The Book of Revelations.
"And there before me
stood a white horse.
"And its rider held a bow.
"And his name was Death.
"And then a voice
like thunder said,
'Come and see.'"
This tells of the Four Horsemen
of the Apocalypse.
Come on.
The Redcoats had just ambushed
us in the Hudson Valley.
And in a desperate hour,
Washington called me to his tent.
The revolution, he explained,
wasn't merely a war
for the future of our country.
It would determine
the fate of every man,
woman and child on Earth.
He gave me a mission.
To kill a man who'd reveal
himself on the Hudson shore.
An unknown mercenary
recognizable by a mark
on his hand.
That of a bow.
Okay.
Now, this is crazy.
Which makes it no less real.
Field trip is over.
Let's go.
(Sniffs)
This Bible was left
with me for a reason.
The connections
are all around us.
You just aren't yet
willing to accept them.
Accept what?
That the man I'm after,
the man who killed Corbin,
is one of the Four Horsemen
of the Apocalypse?
When I beheaded him,
that man didn't die.
Because he was
never a man at all.
He is Death itself, Lieutenant.
And somehow...
he has returned to Sleepy Hollow
to finish what he started.
(Horse neighing)
(Horse neighing nearby)
(Shouts in foreign language)
(Shouting)
I'll never tell you where it is.
I'm prepared to die.
(Squishing thump)
(Body thuds)
(Horse neighs)
(Sirens wailing)
(Indistinct radio transmission)
I need you to stay here.
Oh, no, I...
How do you...
How...
- Captain?
- Not now, Mills.
I want a 20-foot perimeter,
full sweep of all
surveillance cameras...
(Bird screeches,
wings fluttering)
(Screeches)
CAPTAIN: Who the hell
would decapitate a reverend?
This is supposed
to be a nice, quiet town.
You got rosebushes
on every damn block.
The wound's cauterized again.
Same M.O. as the farm.
What the hell is he doing here?
I never authorized his release.
Sir, that's what I was
trying to tell you.
Crane was in my custody
when this happened,
- which means he's not...
- You didn't answer my question.
Why isn't that man locked up
in St. Gregory's?
Captain, someone's on
a killing spree, and that man
is our best chance
of catching him.
That man needs a straightjacket,
and you violated a direct order
by bringing him here.
He saw something,
something that might help us.
This is not your call to make.
Now, you take that man
into a padded cell,
or you're suspended
until further notice.
End of story.
You're hanging yourself
for this guy, Abbie.
Walk away.
Please.
(Bird screeches)
Sir, come with us.
- We need to take you...
- ABBIE: Guys,
guys, he's with me.
I told you to stay in the car.
Yet, as you know, I'm insane
and therefore impervious
to simple commands.
What the hell are you doing?
The bird, it led me here.
A bird led you here.
That's great.
Katrina.
"Burnt for witchcraft."
There's something
you should know.
Something that
I haven't told you.
Crane?
What more do you need
to believe me?
You want me to say
that the killer
is the First Horseman
of the Apocalypse
and my proof is an old Bible
that we found in a cave?
You witnessed your partner's
murder with your own eyes.
Why are you working so hard
to deny it?
Because I do not have the luxury
of giving you the benefit
of the doubt right now.
I am a week away from
leaving, and that man
can end my career,
and you're not helping.
- So let's go.
- No, no, wait.
You're leaving Sleepy Hollow?
Yes.
No, no, you're not.
No, our fates are entwined now.
Running away
isn't gonna change that.
I'm not having this conversation
with you right now.
And even if I thought
what I saw was possible,
I will be alone again,
arguing a case
I do not understand
based on something
that I cannot explain.
Let's go.
Wait, wait.
What do you mean, "again"?
(Sighs)
Nothing.
Something happened to you,
didn't it?
Before all this.
Something that's made you doubt
your perceptions
for quite some time.
Hey, I don't need
to be psychoanalyzed,
or whatever your version is,
by a man who thinks
that only yesterday
he was fighting
for George Washington
in the Revolutionary War.
I'm sorry,
but I need more,
and we both need sleep.
Thank you.
I got you your own cell.
It's the best I could do.
It's a measurable step up
from a cave.
Look,
I don't know how to get my head
around any of this,
but I do get that no matter
what happened to you,
this must all be scary.
Perhaps an asylum
is exactly where I belong.
(Sighing):
All right.
You asked what happened to me.
Back in high school...
me and my sister, Jenny,
were walking home one night
in the forest.
All of a sudden,
there were these...
four white trees.
Something not right about them.
And then,
there was this voice.
(Bellowing)
I couldn't see it clearly.
I couldn't tell if it was
a person or a thing.
And, uh,
we blacked out.
(Chuckles)
Next thing we knew,
someone found us
on the side of the road,
and everyone said we were crazy.
I guess, after a while,
Jenny started believing it.
Where is she now?
In and out of places like this.
She's battling demons.
But then,
you showed up,
and everyone said
that you were crazy.
So I guess I just know
what that feels like.
(Door opens)
It's lights-out.
Okay. Thank you.
Suppose this is farewell,
Lieutenant.
You can call me Abbie.
I'm very sorry
about your partner.
(Metallic clinking)
AUGUST:
There were 100 witches
who were put to death
in Sleepy Hollow
between 1712 and 1816.
(Tape rewinding)
Town records suggest members
of two different covens
integrated into the populace
and changed their names
to stay hidden.
Others spread out
across the east coast.
Two covens representing good
and evil.
(Tape rewinding)
I found hundreds
of unsolved cases.
Just seem to have been ignored.
Murders, disappearances,
and it's not just here.
The cases track through Boston,
DC, Manhattan.
I know they're all connected.
I just... I don't know how.
Case file 632,
Abigail and Jennifer Mills,
sisters who describe seeing
a demon-like figure
linked to four white trees
that appeared out of nowhere.
This correlates
with a local farmer in 1882
who claimed to see
the same thing
in the exact same location.
He believed the trees
were symbols
representing the Four Horsemen
of the Apocalypse
and that the Demon was sent here
to raise them.
I don't know what to believe.
I want to tell Abbie
what I found.
I just-just don't know how.
I look around this town, I don't
know who to trust anymore.
Closer I get to this,
the closer I feel
something is getting to me.
CAPTAIN:
What are you doing?
I was just looking
through old case files
for something that might help.
There's nothing here.
Look, I'm not gonna
say this again.
Let us do our job.
Get some rest.
Thank you, sir.
(Wings fluttering)
Katrina?
Forgive me, my love.
This is the only way
I could reach you.
I've been trying to lead you.
The gravestone.
My body was never buried
in that grave.
It hides the true location
of the Horseman's skull,
guarded throughout time
by one of my coven.
We don't have much time.
Then...
Then you are a witch.
We are part of an ancient order
sworn to fight the darkness
that hides in Sleepy Hollow.
When you wounded
the Horseman,
your bloodlines merged.
You became linked,
bound together by blood.
The only way to stop him
was to cast a spell on you both.
Then we entombed
the Horseman's body
deep below the river.
We buried you in that cave
to protect you.
Then you didn't awaken me.
It's the Horseman
who's been awakened, Ichabod...
And you along with him.
How?
By who?
By the same evil
that's trapped me here,
the very one that controls
the Horseman now.
(Distant breathing, snarling)
It's found us.
There isn't time.
If the Horseman reclaims his skull,
he'll become whole again.
Three more will follow,
and then it will begin.
What will begin?
The end.
You must stop the Horseman
from retrieving his skull.
Remember, light is his weakness.
He can't survive the sunrise.
Find me, please.
Free me from this place!
How? I don't understand.
The answers are in
Washington's Bible.
- You are the First Witness, Ichabod.
- Katrina!
- Now, please, wake up!
- Katrina, wait!
Wake up!
(Gasps)
(Beast growls)
Find the skull!
No! No!
No! No, no! Stop!
What-what...!
This will help calm you down.
I know what he wants. All right,
if you have to, let me...
Stop! I'm taking him
back into custody.
- Crane, get your things.
- Officer, this man is not fit
to be moved.
Stand down and
let me do my job!
Let's go.
Walk fast.
We got about one minute
till she realizes
that court order's
a practice sheet
from my Academy exam.
I know what
the Horseman's after.
Corbin had a cabinet
full of case files,
hundreds of them, and this.
It's a map of the Hudson valley
charted in 1776.
Guess whose signature
is at the bottom.
I've seen this before.
Washington
used to personally survey
all the field sketches
for battle.
Corbin marked sites around town
he thought had some meaning,
like a puzzle he was trying
to put together.
How did this end up
in your sheriff's cabinet?
I don't know. I don't
think it was an accident.
That night that he arrested me,
he knew what happened
with me and my sister.
He believed it was real.
It is real, Miss Mills...
The faceless figure,
the four trees.
I saw it as well.
(Sighs)
(Low growl)
(Horse whinnies)
ABBIE:
Andy, please,
I need you to call in all units.
Andy, I know what he's after.
I'm telling you,
it's at the church.
Whoa, whoa. You know this how?
Because of that whack-job?
I'll explain everything.
Just get them there.
If I have to go through Irving,
he'll ask for proof
that I can't give yet,
and the department
is spread thin as it is.
No kidding.
I just worked a 36-hour shift.
Just getting home.
Look, I'm right about this!
I need to get this guy.
And if you're wrong,
it's on both of us.
Andy, trust me.
Please.
All right, I'll call it in.
I'll meet you there.
Thank you.
(Door creaks)
(Panting)
I know where it is.
Oh, my God.
(Horse whinnies,
hoofbeats approach)
(Gasps)
(Horse whinnies)
(Shotgun blasting repeatedly)
(Horse neighs)
You all right?
I need a rifle
from your trunk now.
Where's backup?
I don't know.
I-I called it in.
Metro, officers...
(Blow lands)
(Crane yells)
Andy...?
I told you
to stay away from him.
- I tried, but you didn't listen.
- Please.
- It's okay.
- Andy, please.
I want to protect you.
I'm gonna protect you.
(Andy screams)
Lieutenant!
- Abbie, Abbie...
- Cuff yourself to the door.
You can't kill him, Abbie.
He is Death.
Do it!
(Sirens approach)
Put the weapon down!
Put your hands on your...!
What the hell is that?
Do it now!
You think he can hear us?
- I mean, he...
- How the hell should I know?
(Sizzling)
I said put the weapon down...!
You can't kill him.
He won't die, Abbie!
(Horse whinnies,
departing hoofbeats)
(Horse whinnies)
Crane! Whoa!
Whoa. I called you.
Lieutenant?
Hey! No!
He's with me.
CRANE:
I'm all right.
(Sirens approach)
IRVING:
I ought to throw you in jail.
Except I have a preserved head
in a pickle jar
and two cops who just
backed up your story.
Not to mention a
confession from Brooks,
who says he'll plea-bargain,
but only if he talks to you
and Captain America here.
Hmm?
IRVING:
Now, there's a room
full of press looking
for answers that I don't have.
So why don't you help me
for a change and give me some?
The truth, sir?
We're just scratching
the surface here.
Whatever this is,
it's gonna get a lot worse.
Outstanding.
I'm told you're transferring
to Quantico next week?
Not anymore.
I think this is where
I'm supposed to be.
IRVING:
That man is our only lead.
He has answers.
Go get me something
I can understand.
Both of you.
There's something
you should know.
In my dream,
Katrina referred to me
as "the First Witness."
Revelations.
This speaks of two
witnesses, brought together
for a seven-year
"period of tribulation"
to defend humanity
from the forces of hell.
Their battle is prophesied
to ordain the fate of the world...
on judgment day.
You think that's us?
You said, after the woods,
you lost your way...
But perhaps you were
called to something, Abbie.
To finish the work
your sheriff started.
Perhaps we both were.
Brooks said a war was coming.
Let's find out
what else he knows.
Please, give me another chance.
(Door creaks)
Please.
MALE VOICE:
And I heard, as it were,
the noise of thunder,
one of the four beasts saying,
"Come and see."
(Shrieking)
Then behold a pale horse,
and his name that sat
on him was Death,
and hell followed with him.
♪ Please allow me
to introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm a man of wealth
and taste... ♪
Sync and corrected by Elderfel
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org